And to tell you about it.
And the carman has called the committee to attention.
And now I'm making his normal little feet
with the oath to open-duffing session
with warning the audience to be careful,
not to show any approval or decision.
Any audible manifestations of approval or just approval
on the front of the audience in any form or at any time.
And the committee has given the uniformed officers
that you see before you and these plain closements
gathered in the audience.
A standing order to remove from the room politely,
but firmly and immediately, any of my guests,
who for reasons both known to themselves violate the terms
of which you entered the room.
Those terms included completely to refrain
from any manifestations of approval or just approval.
We've had wonderful cooperation from our friends in the audience
and we expect that cooperation to continue.
As we concluded, last Friday,
consultations was in the process of cross-examining Mr. Roy Co.
On that cross-examination, we'll continue with this time
with Mr. Jenkins, our council continuing the cross-examination.
Mr. Jackson.
Mr. Collins.
I can't remind you that it's still my thing
for you to continue the cross-examination
of your service.
You recall a meeting with Secretary Steven's
with Collins on November 16th?
Hi, Mr. Jackson.
When you tell the members of the committee what occurred
on that occasion, yes, sir.
That meeting came about as a result of a call to me
from Mr. John Adams on the afternoon of the 15th.
It relates back to the press conference
which Mr. Steven said held on November 13th,
and I don't know just how much detail you want me to give, Mr. Jenkins,
on all those incidents.
I'm particularly glad to see Mr. Collins as well.
As the press is for that question, yes.
They were not sent to the press.
They were quite afraid over the press release
given out by Mr. Steven.
I don't know if I say a set, sir.
He thought of the statements that made one true statement
in the course of the press conference, and that's a statement.
The statement being to the effect, yes, there was no current
exchange in the Army.
Is that correct?
Or is it more than that, sir?
There are other statements with which Senator McCarthy, wow.
The method of the part of it to which the senator
particularly objected to.
Sir, as I recall, there were three parts.
One was just as you mentioned, a report that Mr. Steven said
that there had been no S.B. in eyes at Fort Marnemith.
I believe that's the way the newspaper story,
which caused the most current red, the one-in-the-hell
tribune by Homer Figard.
Number two, as I recall it now, Mr. Steven was reported to have said
that none of this suspension had fought Marnemith related in any way
to the theft or removal or disappearance of documents,
which we knew to be untrue.
And number three, I recall that Mr. Steven cad in his press conference
was given to the press a breakdown,
and so the number of suspensions which have taken place,
which breakdown he had previously refused to give to this committee,
on the ground that it was security information covered by the
presidential directive.
And the chairman of the committee couldn't quite understand why
Mr. Steven's give all the press conference and give out information,
which he had told the committee he couldn't give to the committee
because it was security information.
But it might have been other things, but I remember those three very
particularly.
I will ask you, brother and not on that occasion,
you stated to the Secretary of the Army that he had double-crossed
Senator McCarthy.
No, so I don't recall using those words at all.
Well, I want you now to reflect your recollection, Mr. Cohn,
and the search of memories, and the state does nearly as you can
to this committee, just what she said to the Secretary of the Army
of City thing was referenced to the double-crossed.
Yes, sir.
As I recall, Mr. Adams called me the day before,
and asked me to come down to see Mr. Steven.
He told me that the matter was such importance to Mr. Steven,
Mr. Jenkins, that if I could not come down to Washington the next morning,
Mr. Steven would fly up to New York to see me that night,
which was the Sunday night.
I had to be in New York Monday back in New York Monday afternoon,
but I certainly was going to put the Secretary of the Army
to the trouble of flying up to New York just to see me,
so I went down on Monday morning at his request.
Mr. Steven was very much upset at the way the press had reported.
His press conference, he said they had distorted what he had said,
that they had vajored him at the conference,
but one or two reporters got hold of him and kept blowing unfear
questions at him.
Mr. Adams kept saying he knew the whole thing was a mistake,
and for that reason, he had purposely left the room before the press conference took place.
Mr. Steven said he could fully understand that Senator McCarthy
would take issue with the press stories and their accuracy,
and that he would like to recudiate everything he had said at the press conference.
That's, I told Mr. Bomyport,
that I told Mr. Steven I had talked with Senator McCarthy,
who was speaking up in New England.
I told Mr. Steven that Senator McCarthy felt
and that I felt, frankly, all of us,
all of us, who knew the facts about the things that had been unfortunate
because the facts had been misrepresented in the newspapers,
and that certainly he had given in accuracy for a trail
of the situation that it had existed.
My specific question is whether or not you told the Secretary
that he had never called Senator McCarthy?
All right, do not recall using that word,
and I'm quite sure that I didn't use the word.
This conversation was not here.
Do we understand that, now that's a piece of certificate,
and I have no clue.
Mr. Jenkins, my best memory is I did not use that word.
I want to read you what the Secretary says.
Page 372 of the transcripts of the records.
Mr. Cohen said that Senator McCarthy was mad.
Did you say that?
If I said he was mad, I certainly conveyed the impression
that Senator McCarthy felt the story was inaccurate
and that Mr. Steven, if he said what he's supposed to have said,
shouldn't have said it because it wasn't true.
And that I had double-crossed him.
Did you say that, sir?
I don't recall that.
I'm not using the word.
Who can say he don't recall?
Now do you deny that his name is Mr. McHolter?
Say that your memory says you all that stuff.
I said, well, Mr. Jenkins, you're asking me to give you words for words.
What was said on that day of November 16th, I can't do that.
I can't give you the substance of the conversation because I remember it.
I cannot swear to you what exact words I use and what exact words I did not use.
I can't give you the substance of it, sir, and I would be very happy to do that.
And as I understand it now, you neither have firm, nor deny that statement.
I would say the best I can give you on that, if you press me on it,
and I guess what they that I did not use, that I don't recall ever using the words,
double-crossed from Mr. Stevens.
And I can't say the appropriateness of it.
The incomection was just a discussion about his press time.
It was a very, very, very pleasant discussion, and there was no...
You said, well, the prisoners' discussions extremely close, they're on both sides.
Well, the secretary changed his press statement, did he not?
He did the next day, sir, yes.
On November 17th, the emergence of the New York City.
Yes, sir.
Now you say you don't recall using the word double-crossed to the secretary.
I do, sir.
And I believe you say you don't recall ever having used that word to the secretary.
Double-crossed?
I don't ever recall having used it.
You recall ever having used the word double-crossed to Mr. Adams, the secretary's counselor.
No, sir.
You do not.
Anyway, the statements that Christel East was altered on the 17th of November, wasn't it?
I would say it was corrected to bring it in conformance with the true fact.
There was a new paper strike in New York City in November, was it not?
It's cold.
It's a very well-might've in Mr. Jackson.
Well, now, Mr. Colme, though you remember well that on November 28th, there was a new paper strike in New York City?
No, sir.
I don't remember that well.
I do remember, if the hearing Mr. Adams said some only, that there was a...
Yes, I do remember that there was a new paper strike.
And these chains that were being conducted in New York City were as a result of that strike transferred to Washington.
Where's it not?
They were not, sir.
They were not, no, sir.
But it's only transferred to Washington, where it's not, sir.
They were not transferred to Washington.
We had previously held hearings in Washington.
We held some in New York.
Whenever possible, we were told from in Washington.
There will now perhaps my choice of the word transfer was a man happy one and convey the erroneous meaning to your mind.
What I mean to ask you is this, a form of the occasion of the New Paper Strike in New York City,
the hearings were held in Washington, leering the penancey of that strike Wednesday.
Sir, I can't agree with you on that.
I don't believe that to be the strike, and I was very much appreciated.
If I could get the date of the New Paper Strike and see whether it was on on the days that we held hearings and watched,
I believe with December 8th and December 9th.
And I could give you a better answer if I had that.
Will there was a strike nearing the period as a matter of part of November, 1953?
But school was the night, all the night, all definitely, that there was a strike.
If I could get the exact date then, until I would see in a much better position to help you on this.
Why were there no hearings held in New York City during that New Paper Strike?
Yes, sir, we're not.
I don't know if there were none.
It probably turned out to be a work.
I just don't know, sir.
I'm just a coned-do you know it's the word in the hearing.
You are doing that.
I can't say a thing until I know the date to the New Paper Strike.
Then by a checklist of record, I can tell you very quickly.
Whether there were any in New York and whether the ones that were held in Washington,
were held in Washington during the time of the New Paper Strike in New York.
I want to ask you, Mr. Cohn, if it didn't have that.
That there was a new paper strike in New York City in the latter part of November.
That these hearings were then held in the city of Washington because they could not
and were not publicized in New York City.
No, sir.
You heard me, madam, this sound, I said to you, did you not?
I said, sir.
Did you hear me, madam, just a guy under his oath that Mr. Cohn, the director of your
staff told him that the reasons the gangs were transferred to Washington was because of the
strike in New York City.
And as a consequence, the gangs could not be properly publicized,
whereas they could be in the city of Washington.
You heard me, madam, say, five, that's a good idea.
Yes, sir.
What if Mr. Cohn makes such a statement to your nose?
I'm sure he never made such a statement seriously, sir.
And I'm sure Mr. Adams knew that he never did.
Well, he wouldn't have made it just to you, he might have, sir.
I didn't say that, sir.
Mr. Cohn, this makes such a statement.
Did you hear the talk from Mr. Cohn about that?
No, sir.
I have no recollection ever having talked to Mr. Cohn about the nose-famous strike.
Can you assign any reason, whatever, while these hearings were held in Washington,
bringing dependency of the newspaper strike in New York City?
Sir, first of all, I can't say that they were held in Washington during the dependency of the strike
because I don't have the date to strike with underway.
I know they're hearing through Health December 8th and 9th, and if you tell me, sir,
that the strike was armed on December 8th and 9th.
Thank you, sir.
Sir, sir.
Chairman.
I didn't say there was anything you'd proper about holding hearings in Washington during the time you were coming to the office in the presentation.
I am a fall.
I was the man who ordered the hearing held in New York,
Shelton Barton, Shelton Barton, Washington, Shelton, and other fighters.
I don't understand what this has to do with the issues.
However, Mr. Jenkins' length of his, I'll be glad to answer in full while we held hearings in various parts of the country.
So, sir, I want to ask you about it.
The committee may think that it's important, and that's why I'm asking you to be careful.
I've been right to interrogate.
I don't know if I don't know if the strike might be, but if the strike comes out, the council meeting can do that also.
And, maybe, Chair, I'm presently just that there's been an interim this week,
unless there are points to order, a point to personal service, and, of course, the statement about a Sunday point constant was needed.
Mr. Jenkins.
Chairman.
Mr. Chairman.
Are you fine, Margaret?
New, you may call, but I don't know.
Allow me to finalize what you call it, but I need to go to the state, because we're going to have to proceed now.
I don't know if I want to make a clear, but, Chairman, if there was anything improper,
I'm going to be holding hearings from Washington.
During the war held here, I order the men out here.
I will answer any questions, when I get the stand on this.
Chair, are you, the previous time, it's the Jenkins and I will ask you questions about it.
Chair, will you reiterate the statement, unless there be no interruptions, please?
This week.
Unless there are points to order, a point to personal service, we believe around the home secretary's hearing,
and if we're going to get home, we have to proceed in order.
Mr. Jenkins.
The moment of order is on the phone, you may take your final order.
As I point of order, I would like to ask the chair to, personally read them in the slide,
brother, and he wants to send a letter to the record, a wire from a individual who was mentioned last week as an informant.
I'm not asking the district of the record this time, I'm asking the chair, read it.
I hope that he gives all members of the committee a copy of this wire, as well as the extent to which.
The Justice Department is going to prevent the testimony of certain witnesses being received here.
We are saying Mr. Chairman that I find on the back of the wire a certain note, the letter is now which, for sure, was just used as a firing cell.
Chairman, have we just received the lunch hour?
The statement is taken.
The call is during the period from November 18th to December 18th.
You know how many times you call Mr. John Adams.
Nothing.
The ordinance that in 65 is respect to numerous telephone calls to meeting at paid of time, if you not.
I thought he said that we had numerous conversations, sir.
I believe he made just as many calls to me as I did to him.
I think you're entirely correct, but you and he called each other from time to time a number of times hearing at paid.
Is that correct, so?
And in those telephone calls, the subject of day shine was discussed from time to time.
Was it not, I would say, in frequently, sir?
In frequently?
Yes, sir.
I want to read you up with Adam, said about that, Mr. Cohn on page 2564.
And as you will, you're not, you're correct in his testimony.
The recalls to me fairly regularly.
I can't say that the calls to me were every day.
The recalls to me was not long before the New York.
The recalls to me was a case of a committee business or a request from the Army,
required me to place telephone calls to Mr. Cohn.
And, doing many of these calls which I placed to Mr. Cohn, I was subject to the telephone calls to the state.
The same sort of treatment.
The same pressures were referenced to a commitment for a New York assignment for shine,
immediately as a conclusion of his eight weeks of basic training.
Is that true or false, Mr. Cohn?
Sir, it's very difficult for me to put a legal characterization on it.
I would say that Mr. Adams is quite mistaken and if he were pressured or abused,
he certainly never indicated that to me.
I believe you'll find the circumstances of Michael for him with him
and his kind of abs of him to be such that no reasonable person can believe that he was abused or felt that he hadn't.
When you hit Bob with the shine, the shine of the New York area,
did you not? There's never a question of any permanent assignment of Mr. Shine to the New York area.
Now, it's no less than an answer to my question.
My question specifically, you hit Bob's shine with shine to the New York area.
Did you not answer? The question was the finishing up of this committee's witness
which I'd have been done in the New York or Washington area. Mr. Adams knew the problem
and that's what the discussion is worth out there.
They do have a mindset of the question directly.
Anything is specifically used to hit Bob's shine as time to the New York area.
Is that right or is it wrong? No, sir. I can't give you a categorical.
Yes, I know answer to that.
Why, why can't you not? Because the thing just doesn't admit it.
A question of having him finish off the subcommittee,
Mr. Adams, know all about that situation.
He knew that it was the a convenient if Shine could be in the New York or Washington area
so he got through with that.
But if you ask me, did we ask for a commitment on it?
And it's what sounds like a permanent assignment to the New York area.
I can't fail it if you were, yes, I know answer to that.
Mr. Kuhn, I didn't say anything about it.
The permanent assignment. The question was simple.
Did you want Shine assigned to the New York area?
Well, I think you might grab your phone and then make such explanation as you see this.
Sure, Lisa. I would say no. We did not request an assignment for Shine.
Ask you about the quick. I'm asking you about a little state now.
What would you mind if you wanted the Shine to the New York area?
No, sir. I would say if I had it going through a mental state,
what we wanted is to get the subcommittee work done and to report that.
And we want to shine tell as much as we could get that without interference with this regular Army training.
I would say that was our mental state if that's period of time.
And wanting that, you wanted him assigned to a convenient post.
And the New York area would have been the most convenient area to which he could have been assigned.
Now, that's correct. It's not quite, sir. It never quite got down to that.
Because he was at 4.6 and they were making him available during the weekend.
And a week of send staff members out to talk to him.
We'll talk to him on the phone when problems arose.
And there was no great. There was no great difficulty.
Well, did you ever ask the Secretary of the Army?
I have found for the Don Hatton to assign the New York region to a man, Shine.
Who's the New York area?
No, sir. I don't believe anything that once ever came up.
It was a question of the finish of the problem of finishing the subcommittee work.
And working out some way of his filling that without interfering with his Army training.
You heard all this testimony to the Secretary of the Army and the Miss Adams about these numerous columns
to claim some, your part, the part of the Senators.
To get this boy assigned to the New York area so that he could assist in the committee work.
And you say that didn't happen, is that right, isn't it?
No, sir. I'm trying to give you the picture as it did happen.
There was just never a request assigned him to the New York area.
As serious. They know this problem had been discussed by us with them over a period of time.
They know what the problem was. And it was always a question of letting him finish up the subcommittee work.
What happened to the hearing with his Army training?
That was a problem on both sides. And we posted a set of sets of works to think out.
And it was worked out, sir, in a perfectly satisfactory manner.
Miss Cohen, do you remember meeting with Miss Adams on December 8th?
I remember hearing here on December 8th.
I think that was the day Aaron Coleman testified in public session down in Washington.
Did you talk to Mr. Adams on that occasion about days, James?
During the course of the year.
I can't say that I did, sir. I certainly don't deny that I talked with Mr. Adams on that occasion.
Now that hearing was held right here in this room, wasn't it?
Yes, sir. And Mr. John Adams was sitting...
Uh, approximately where Mr. Mayner is sitting to my rear.
Excuse me, Mr. Jenkins.
I got in the note here, I don't know how authentic it is, but the newspaper strike was not on.
On the days when our hearings were held in Washington,
namely, December 8th or December 9th.
And I assume the information is authentic.
So, well, I'm asking you now, Mr. Mona.
You had a public strike to put that in the record?
And I don't know when the newspaper strike was on.
Yes, sir.
I'm at school and this evening, you recall this hearing here on December 8th, do you not?
You say you do not remember talking to John Adams about China while the hearing was in Poggy?
No, sir.
We used to know I talking to Adams about China while those hearings were in Poggy?
No, sir. I say it was unlikely, sir, for this reason if I might explain my no answer.
Uh, I looked at Mr. Adams' original charges, south on March 11th.
And in those, I believe, sir, he said that he talked to me about China before the hearing started.
Uh, then in his testimony here, this hearing, he changed that and said that he talked to him,
that I talked to him during the hearing.
And if Mr. Adams isn't straight on it, sir, I don't think I can be expected to be.
It's very possible that there was conversation between him and me about China on the subject of staff members seeing him at night while he was doing his training.
And whether that's a place before the hearing or during the hearing or on the next day or whether it didn't take place at that time,
I'm in no position to affirm more than I.
Well, China being given the additional work to do along about that time, or IC, was inducted in the Army in the Colton?
Uh, additional, sir.
Yes, we were signed.
No, sir. We worked together.
No, sir. He was in this hearing.
He was not, sir.
He was not.
No, sir. He was finishing up.
Yes, sir.
You were going around just about to chiseled him that his work was increasing.
Did you not miss call?
I think that was the true statement, sir.
A true statement?
Yes, sir.
In other words, he was retrofishing instead of progressing in getting up a lease report.
No, sir. What's the effect of it?
Well, sir, it wasn't quite that.
I think that's about the period of time that he got hit with the full impact of finishing these reports with a time limit on it.
Uh, during these reports turned out to be quite a formidable job.
And, uh, there was a lot of hard work that he did on those.
And a lot of hard work, I think, just about every other member of the staff did on those reports.
The cuts of the point, Mr. Jenkins, where I think we stopped holding all hearing for a period of a month,
just so we could get those reports out.
It was quite clear.
We can get back to that later now.
I'm asking you now about December 8th, and about the suddenly gains in our...
...water region, what we saw them, swore under OK.
And I want to ask you whether or not it is true or false.
And I'll read now from page 2574 of the record.
From the testimony of Smith Adams.
All the number of occasions being the course of the entire nation of the Whitney.
When others were interrogating them,
comb, cut up,
and team over and spoke to the about shines.
Things to the effect.
What about these things?
It continues intermittently throughout the morning.
Do you see about that in school?
Well, I say that, Mr. Jenkins.
First of all, I'm just looking here at Mr. Adams' original charges of March 11th,
in which he set forth a detailed account of these events.
If you're talking about December 8th, there's not one word about my having said anything to him about date,
shine on December 8th.
And I assume that Mr. Adams' memory was better when he drew this document on March 11th,
and it was too much later when he testified before this committee.
So now, Mr. Fulm, that document of March 11th was the general statement of I'm talking to you now about the specific testimony in support of those statements.
And he says that on December 8th, during a public hearing in this room,
few continuously asking what about their things.
Now, do you deny there is a suspicion you have no recollection about?
Well, I have no recollection of thoughts on Sir, and I would say that since he makes no reference to it in his own original charges here,
in all probability, it did not happen.
You won't say definitely that it did not happen. You don't definitely deny it?
Nothing. Well, if it's true then, what did you mean by these things?
Well, I think what we were discussing then is the change in situation,
a change in by the order that staff members could not talk to shine at the training on weeknight, found at 4.6.
There is some discussion about Mr. Adams.
Between Mr. Adams and myself on the change in the weekend and weeknight arrangement,
and that discussion continued until we worked out a formula of that,
helped us in our work and did not interfere with shine, army training.
And there certainly might have been discussion about that during this period of time, sir.
Whether it was on December 8th or not, I just don't know.
All in about the ninth of December, you learned that a weekend has.
So our shine has been canceled, did you not miss gold?
I don't think so, sir. I think that was some period of time before that.
Well, did you learn of the cancellation of a weeknight's case on about December 9th?
I don't know, sir. Once again, I thought that was before I might be wrong.
Well, excuse me, sir.
Now, if you learned sometime about December 9th,
what it takes, whether we gain the weeknight,
a price for shine and the canceled,
and that you went to Adams, talked to Adams,
and told him that it was just another army or Steven's double-cross.
No, sir, I don't recall using those words.
You don't recall using that word double-cross?
No, sir.
You don't believe you can't swallow that word, you don't even remember the word double-cross.
I do not recall ever having used that word, sir.
Well, what did you say to Miss Adams?
Well, the first time.
Not the cancellation of that price, sir. They were shocked.
The discussion I had with Mr. Adams was about working at Summer Rangemen,
whereby shine could be available to staff members after his training hours
and get this work done.
We worked out in arrangement on November 6th,
and before that, not arrangement was just fine with us and worked out well.
When the arrangement was changed and reexamined,
it was a question of working out some kind of a new arrangement that was not in the field with this training,
but which of us an opportunity to get the information and get the work done.
And I did talk to Mr. Adams, I would say, infrequently, about that, sir.
And that might have been on December 8th or 9th, or around that period of time.
I certainly don't suspect that.
But, as it's gone, I again read you from Adam's testimony.
They 2577 of the records.
With Adam's December 9th, yes, there,
the home was aware of this decision on weekdays.
And he was again getting up regularly from the committee tables,
coming over to speak to me about shine's availability.
And he was there, without,
to get you in about the decision on week 9.
He talked to me about Mr. Stevens
and considered this a double-cross.
An army double-cross.
I've a commitment already made.
It was a Stevens double-cross.
Now, when you say about that, Mr. Kuhn?
I say about that, that's the right, don't recall it.
And I'm inclined to ask that, but it happened that way,
because, again, sir, I'm looking at the specific statements
Mr. Adams made two months ago,
and his charges filed March 11th,
where he gives a completely different version
of that conversation.
Well, now you say that you're not too...
...mechanism sure about it.
You get to die?
No, sir, I will affirm.
Don't be nice.
No, I will affirm to you, sir, that I did discuss with Mr. Adams.
And he, rather he discussed with me for it,
this change in a range.
Mainly that, the weekend, we're going to be shorten,
and that week's night passes
for a consultation with staff members
and work would not be allowed.
And that there was a question of a readjustment,
which would make it possible for us to get our work done,
and make it possible for shines to continue his training
like every other soldier.
And I word discussions with Mr. Adams about that, sir.
And Mr. Kuhn,
you recall, Miss Adams,
justifying that she was so persistent.
And Christmas is just an exchange.
Ready?
This time it's the go-and
and talk directly with Senator McCarthy about it.
You recall that, do you not?
I recall that, that's the money, sir.
And you recall the fact that he just goes
with Senator McCarthy?
I recall the fact that he went to Senator McCarthy,
not about that, sir.
I will ask him, Mr. Kuhn, if he didn't attack.
Then when you learn...
Thank you.